DevOps Reading List (#365)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2020-11/devops-reading-list/index.md

1.	Build Integrity In
1.	See the Whole

Along the way, they cover 20 tools for applying the lean principles into practice, such as Value-Stream Mapping, working in iterations, and refactoring.

> This book stands up as one of the (if not the) best articulation of what Agile actually is, how it builds on stable Lean foundations, and why specific practices result in better software delivery outcomes. As an “Agile” book, it’s not technically a “DevOps” book (it was written six years before Patrick DeBois accidentally gave us *that* buzzword), but in many ways, this is the genesis of DevOps.

Author: ```suggestion
This book stands up as one of the (if not the) best articulation of what Agile actually is, how it builds on stable Lean foundations, and why specific practices result in better software delivery outcomes. As an “Agile” book, it’s not technically a “DevOps” book (it was written six years before Patrick DeBois accidentally gave us *that* buzzword), but this book was an important chapter in the genesis of DevOps..
```
